Methods:

Instance Method:
1.Used to access or modify the object state. 
2.If we use instance variables inside a method, such methods are called instance methods. 
3.It must have a self parameter to refer to the current object.

Class method: 
1.Used to access or modify the class state. 
2.In method implementation, if we use only class variables, then such type of methods we should declare as a class method. 
3.The class method has a cls parameter which refers to the class.

Static method: 
1.It is a general utility method that performs a task in isolation. 
2.Inside this method, we don’t use instance or class variable because this static method doesn’t take any parameters 
  like self and cls.

Instance Variables:
1.If the value of a variable varies from object to object, then such variables are called instance variables.
2.Instance variables are declared inside a method using the self keyword.
3.We can access instance variables using object ref and getattr(refname, 'instancevar') method.
4.Dynamically We can add instance variables from the outside of class to a particular object
  Syntax: object_referance.variable_name = value
  a.We cannot add an instance variable to a class from outside because instance variables belong to objects.
  b.Adding an instance variable to one object will not be reflected the remaining objects because every object
    has a separate copy of the instance variable.
5.We use the del statement and delattr() function to delete the attribute of an object.
  Syntax:del objref.instancevar
  Syntax:delattr(objref, 'instancevar')
6.We can get the list of all the instance variables the object has. 
  Use the __dict__ function of an object to get all instance variables along with their value.


Class Variables:
1.Class Variables are declared inside the class, and outside the mehtod
2.Class Variables can be accessed inside the constructor
3.Class Variables can be accessed inside the instance method
4.Class variables are shared by all instances of a class. 
  Using the class method we can modify the class state by changing the value of a class variable 
  that would apply across all the class objects.
5.We can dynamically delete the class methods from the class sing the del operator and delattr() method
  Syntax: del class_name.class_method
  Syntax: delattr(classname, 'methodname')



